KavaRoutes live trip diagnostic — 2026-09-24 (America/Los_Angeles)

The read-only VM service kavaroutes-live-trip-test.service polls each business
with diagnostic logging enabled every minute. The test_pony business is linked
to the existing synthetic operations tenant. Its private raw log is:
  /var/lib/kavaroutes-site/diagnostics/trip-test-2026-09-24.jsonl
Its readable, redacted report appears under test_pony > Workspace in the
platform admin dashboard. The report is private to the linked business ID.

The log includes run, leg, assignment and shift IDs; accepted/rejected driver
commands with both phone capture and server receipt timestamps; signature events;
and GPS batch receipt time, accepted sample count and maximum accuracy. It omits
rider names, street addresses, raw positions, passwords and signatures.

To see the current summary on the VM:
  sudo python3 /opt/kavaroutes-live-test/live-trip-test-log.py 2026-09-24 --report
To see the readable timeline:
  sudo python3 /opt/kavaroutes-live-test/live-trip-test-log.py 2026-09-24 --readable

In the admin dashboard, open Business accounts > test_pony > Workspace. There
you can pause/restart diagnostic logging, view the dated report, and email it
to the signed-in admin owner. Email requires the existing admin Gmail sender
to be connected and enabled first; no mail is sent while it is unconfigured.

Interpretation of trip times:
  pickupArrivalAt = server acceptance of ARRIVE_PICKUP
  boardedAt = server acceptance of BOARD_RIDER
  dropoffArrivalAt = server acceptance of ARRIVE_DROPOFF
  completedAt = server acceptance of COMPLETE_LEG

These times record when the driver reported each event; they are not automatic
GPS geofences. GPS batches report persistence, not continuous background tracking.
The driver must keep the web page open with location permission granted. A mobile
browser may pause updates when its screen is locked.
The current driver location banner counts device fixes before the server confirms
them. Use the GPS_BATCH receipts and dispatch tracking view to verify delivery.

Driver identity update deployed 2026-09-23: the Driver web client now uses the
driver ID returned by a successful invite claim or password verification. The
runtime issues a short-lived, memory-only session bound to that credential's
driver ID and version. A password reset or another successful sign-in invalidates
the prior session. Reloading the page requires another password sign-in.

For Joel's test on 2026-09-24:
  1. One published run with two legs is already assigned to Joel and a vehicle.
     Joel's driver login and the assigned shift are active.
  2. In Dispatch, choose the desired route goal for each leg. The operator is
     making this choice; neither goal was selected at the readiness check.
  3. Joel signs in, allows location, and uses the driver actions at pickup and
     dropoff. If an old browser session fails, sign in again with his password.
  4. Dispatch watches Active drivers for live fixes and contact warnings.
  5. In platform admin, open test_pony > Workspace and reload the trip report
     after each milestone; compare pickup/dropoff action times with Dispatch.

Cloudflare Access must permit Joel's browser to reach app.kavaroutes.com before
the Driver page can load. Dispatcher and Driver sign-in routes remain a later
workflow split; this release changes the driver identity inside the current app.
